[Awaiting Release] Alpakka 1.0-M2 (#539)
akka/akka.github.com: blog/_posts/2019-01-17-alpakka-1.0-M2-released.md

---
layout: post
title: Alpakka 1.0-M2 Released
author: Enno Runne
short: We are happy to announce the second milestone release of Alpakka 1.0
category: news
tags: [releases]
---

Dear hakkers,

> After more than two month since Alpakka 1.0-M1, we are delighted to announce the seconde milestone release of Alpakka 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After more than two months since Alpakka 1.0-M1, we are delighted to announce the second milestone release of Alpakka 1.0.
```
